all right what's going on dudes and
welcome to episode oh I'll call it
episode 5 and a half of let's build an
adventure map right now I'm on the voxel
blocks standing inside of what's known
as the colony which is one of the larger
pre builds that'll be included in the
map now around me are 8 tunnels and each
of these actually leads out to an outer
ring and from that outer ring you can
drop into one of eight large glass oh
I'll call them atriums because I don't
really know a better way to describe
them but if I hit the button I'll drop
into one of them and the plan in the
finished product is to fill out all
eight of these with all sorts of
different puzzles and as you complete
each one you'll be brought one step
closer to actually being able to escape
the facility as a whole and it won't
matter which order you go through them
only that you've completed them all now
as I was going over this all in detail
with all the wonderful dudes on the
server helping out last night we came to
the conclusion that at the moment there
are probably enough puzzles to fill out
it was either five or six of the atriums
and one of the admins suggested that for
the remainder we actually holds a puzzle
contest a building puzzle building
contest and I thought that would be an
awesome way to get some of you involved
who might like to have your creation
showcased in the map so the way it's
gonna work is if you have built
something in the past or you would like
to build something now that you think
would be cool to have included in the
map go ahead and record it and upload it
to the youtubes
and leave the video as a response to
this video and in around 24 hours from
now I'll go ahead and accept all the
responses that have been submitted and
from there all those of you who would
like to check out what's been submitted
can scroll through the responses and
give a look and and see what you like
the best and from there when you see
something that you really like feel free
to come back and leave a comment and
show your supports of which one you
think should be included and from there
I'll check into the comments see which
one seemed to be the most popular and
then we'll go ahead and take it from
there and include as many as it takes to
to fill in the remainder of the Spears
and hopefully we should get some some
pretty cool stuff going on and some of
you involved who might want to have some
of your stuff in the map it should be
kind of fun so I hope to see some of
your responses submitted and yeah I
guess and around the day from now or or
the day from the time this is uploaded I
will look through I will approve all the
ones have been submitted and then I'll
keep doing it for a few days until it
seems pretty clear which ones are the
most popular and from there all message
at the dudes who have made some
wonderful stuff to be included in the
map and we can take it from there
sending save files over and whatnot so
yeah I hope to see some cool stuff and
for those of you who might not plan on
submitting I hope you will go and take a
look at what is submitted and let me
know which you like the best and of
course I'll take a look at all of them
as well so on that note thanks for
watching I hope to see what you have to
build and I'll talk to you guys later